Clarify how the files of the iCubOS should be copied to the USB key (#164)
icub-tech-iit/documentation: docs/icub_operating_systems/icubos/installation-from-image.md

## Download the latest iCubOS image

> Get the lastest iCubOS image on [this page](../download.md) and put it on a external USB drive (not the same were is CloneZilla LIVE).
> The iCubOS archive will contained a directory, just copy the directory itself (not its contents) on the external USB drive. 
> The USB drive can be formatted in any filesystem that can be natively ready by Linux.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get the lastest iCubOS image from [this page](../download.md) and put it on an external USB drive (not the same where the CloneZilla LIVE is).

The iCubOS archive contains a directory; just copy the directory itself (not its contents) on the external USB drive. 
The USB drive can be formatted in any filesystem that can be natively read by Linux.
```
